Fix broken link to CSS spec for white space (#17074)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/white-space/index.md

## Collapsing of white space

> The CSS Text specification contains a [Collapsing and Transformation](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-text-3/#white-space-phase-1) section that precisely defines what "white space is collapsed" means, including an example with an illustration. Usually, it means reducing sequences of multiple white-space characters down to a single space character — though in some cases it means reducing them to no character (the empty string).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CSS Text specification contains a [Collapsing and Transformation](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-text-3/#white-space-phase-1) section that precisely defines what "white space is collapsed" means, including an example with an illustration. Usually, it means reducing sequences of multiple white-space characters down to a single space character — though in some cases it means reducing them to no character (the empty string).
```
